do you enjoy killing people by accident
have you ever dreamed about getting
launched into orbit at 30% damage
how about Porsche leaving your opponents
until they leave the game if you
answered yes then mr. Game & Watch might
just be only humane but if that doesn't
sound like something for you you could
always just pick fire emblem and stand
there like an absolute degenerate but
before we take a deep dive into the red
zone I have an announcement my u2's
vinyl is on sale today you can grab on
right now all you gotta do is head on
over to youtube.com and cop your cell
phone before they like me completely
sell out and that usually takes less
than a day they are $30 apiece but they
do have free worldwide shipping so the
price will be the same for everyone even
if your Swedish the figures themselves
are made from the most high-quality
legendary vinyl and they are completely
shatter resistant so they are very
likely to age better than I am basically
why push yeah just move them a little
bit closer so mr. Game & Watch let's
start with his weaknesses but rather is
weakness because he only has one and
that is being light very light so light
that it ganondorf's nice is in your
general direction you're dead but then
again he's made out of paper what did
you expect all his moves except for one
have some sort of use but in this video
I'm gonna go over the most important
ones mr. Game & Watch has the fastest up
special in the entire game but its
strength doesn't lie on it's not backer
damage instead it lies in the emotional
trauma that we inflict on your
opponent's every time the as much is
breathed on your shield
[Music]
this move also makes you practically
impossible to Edgar Wow and if you enjoy
the occasional online tournaments sudden
death should no longer be a problem
next up we have the up smash also known
as the violence the thing about
this move is that when you release it
you become completely invincible why it
doesn't matter the only thing you need
to know about this move is that you can
charge it at any point during your game
and one of two things will happen
one they wake it out and try to punish
it afterwards only to be finally told to
take a seat because and lag isn't real
- they challenge it with an attack and
get outright heated into space before
the game was released his fourth smash
used to inflict racism but then soccer I
said from here genius at changing but
even after the nerf it's a pretty solid
attack and last but not least we have
the only attack in Super Smash ultimate
that will make a snake man take his
finger of the Bieber depending on what
you collect in your brackets the damage
you deal could be anywhere from annoying
to instant death what this means is that
whenever you fight any character retro
relies on projectiles they now actually
have to play the game
essentially mr. Gannon watch is a
character that excels at being an
if you main him your friends will hate
you but in the end it's worth it because
forcing potatoes on a ganondorf until he
dies is probably the most satisfying
thing I've ever done in a video game
anyways thanks for watching
normally I would make this video longer
but my sponsor said they will sue me if
I didn't post this video today so until
next time have a good one
[Music]
[Applause]